

Transferrable skills
This came from the simple recognition around playing chess.
I wanted to pick hobbies, right down to my entertainment; that would teach me something I can transfer as much as possible.

Adaptability
I'd realised knowledge is an accumulation of grasped opportunities;
which means first age does not necessitate wisdom, and knowledge can get obseleted quickly.
Biology isn't fixed, it changes and adapts based on use, or lack of. Cognition is also biology.

Time is short
I have about 10 hours a day for life; after travel, preparation for things, and sleeping.
Within that 10 hours I need to balance learning, anticipating retirement, and enjoyment.

Awareness
So much of our lives are spent ignorant of our unconscious and subconscious choices.
A person can only consciously change what they're consciously aware.
Understanding is the foundation of solution.



Self imposed learning models
All learning is self directed. Right down to searching, navigating, evaluating, and choosing material to learn from.


Begin active learning of website design
Roughly October 2023

Learning the full list of what I needed to learn.
From website design, content, frameworks, and everything inbetween.
Html, php, css, laravel, rust, mariadb, nginx,

Hosting a website on the internet/cloud, setting up a business for income and tax.

such as purchasing domain name, business trading name, leasing server space

sequenced and structured my learning, not to minimise my time to be 'up and running'.
But instead, to minimise 'total time taken'; for example, learning to make a website
doesn't need to involve the arduous and tedious process of databases, and complicated full featured frameworks such as laravel. However constantly 'revisiting basics' to learn new components such as databases creates exponential overhead, overlap, in addition to simply repetition.

Wanting to
be self sufficient
conversation with anyone about anything
protect against being manipulated and scammed
understand how everything works


Habits and lifestyle
lessons
priorities
foresight
